
What will I practice?

Binary search,Intervals

You have to manage indexes and list of a 2 dimensional array in this puzzle. You also discover the binary search algorithm and finally, it makes you know that batman is really good at cleaning windows.
External resources Multidimensional arrayBinary search




Statement

The goal of this puzzle is to guess the coordinate of a bomb (line and column of a 2 dimensional array). You will have to make a guess at each step of the puzzle and adjust it from given feedbacks. Of course, you have a limited number of guess.





Story

NA NA NA NA NA BATMAN

We love Batman's adventures : The Joker, bombs, hostages, and a hero. But this time, it is you who are the hero. Your job is to find the bombs before they explode! Don't worry, Alfred's got you covered, he's handed you a heat detector set to recognize the thermal signature of the Joker's bombs. Easy? Let's find out.

This medium puzzle is the first of the two exercises proposed for the challenge « Shadows of the Knight ». Once you have completed it, why not try to solve the next one « Shadows Of The Knight - Episode 2 », on the same theme but with an increased difficulty.




Instructions
 The Goal
Batman will look for the hostages on a given building by jumping from one window to another using his grapnel gun. Batman's goal is to jump to the window where the hostages are located in order to disarm the bombs. Unfortunately he has a limited number of jumps before the bombs go off...
  Rules
Before each jump, the heat-signature device will provide Batman with the direction of the bombs based on Batman current position:

    U (Up)
    UR (Up-Right)
    R (Right)
    DR (Down-Right)
    D (Down)
    DL (Down-Left)
    L (Left)
    UL (Up-Left)


Your mission is to program the device so that it indicates the location of the next window Batman should jump to in order to reach the bombs' room as soon as possible.

Buildings are represented as a rectangular array of windows, the window in the top left corner of the building is at index (0,0).
  Note
For some tests, the bombs' location may change from one execution to the other: the goal is to help you find the best algorithm in all cases.

The tests provided are similar to the validation tests used to compute the final score but remain different.
  Game Input
The program must first read the initialization data from standard input. Then, within an infinite loop, read the device data from the standard input and provide to the standard output the next movement instruction.
Initialization input

Line 1 : 2 integers W H. The (W, H) couple represents the width and height of the building as a number of windows.

Line 2 : 1 integer N, which represents the number of jumps Batman can make before the bombs go off.

Line 3 : 2 integers X0 Y0, representing the starting position of Batman.
Input for one game turn
The direction indicating where the bomb is.
Output for one game turn
A single line with 2 integers X Y separated by a space character. (X, Y) represents the location of the next window Batman should jump to. X represents the index along the horizontal axis, Y represents the index along the vertical axis. (0,0) is located in the top-left corner of the building.
Constraints
1 ? W ? 10000
1 ? H ? 10000
2 ? N ? 100
0 ? X, X0 < W
0 ? Y, Y0 < H
Response time per turn ? 150ms
Response time per turn ? 150ms